Added documentation for JustNimbus integration (#23702)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/justnimbus.markdown

---
title: JustNimbus
description: Instructions on how to configure the JustNimbus integration within Home Assistant
ha_category:
  - Environment
ha_release: 2022.9
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_domain: justnimbus
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_config_flow: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `JustNimbus` sensor platform queries the JustNumbus API used by the JustNimbus web dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JustNimbus integration queries the JustNumbus API used by the JustNimbus web dashboard.
```

This integration allows you to collect and save data to get an historic overview of your water bag
usage.

## Prerequisites

> To configure and use this integration, you need to have a
> [JustNimbus water bag](https://justnimbus.com/regenwatersysteem/) (Dutch) and
> you need to be subscribed for the web dashboard functionality. For this configuration you need the
> client id from the URL. I.e.: `https://dashboard.justnimbus.com/api/installation/<client_id>/data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure and use this integration, you need to have a
[JustNimbus water bag](https://justnimbus.com/regenwatersysteem/) (Dutch), and
you need to be subscribed for the web dashboard functionality. For this configuration, you need the
client ID from the URL. For example: `https://dashboard.justnimbus.com/api/installation/<client_id>/data`.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Sensor Types

> When configured, the platform will create twelve sensors for each configured client id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configured, the integration will create twelve sensors for each configured client ID:
```

- Pump flow, in `L/min` (Liters/minute)
- Drink flow, in `L/min` (Liters/minute)
- Pump pressure, in `bar`

> - Pump starts, a number counting the amount of times the pump has started
> - Pump hours, a number counting the amount of hours the pump has been used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pump starts, a number counting the number of times the pump has started
- Pump hours, a number counting the number of hours the pump has been used
```
